feat(llm): develop vermeer python client (#263)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-ai: vermeer-python-client/README.md

# vermeer-python-client

The `vermeer-python-client` is a Python client(SDK) for Vermeer. 

## Installation

> To install the `vermeer-python-client`, you can use pip/poetry/source building:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the `vermeer-python-client`, you can use `pip/uv`  or **source code building**:
```
